Project Description Document
Your project description document summarizes and concludes the project in this course. An easy way
of making this document is through refining your proposal and mid-term report. The document should
have the following sections:

1. Project Statement
In this section, you should state the purpose of your project clearly and concisely. The following
questions may help you for this section: What app do you want to develop? What can the app do (You
may provide some use scenarios if needed)? Why do you want to develop such an application? What
kind of users will benefit from your application? Is there any similar application already available on the
Android Market? Is there any special requirement for using the app?

2. Application Design
In this section, you should first present the high-level design of your application (figures or diagrams are
helpful): What modules does your app have and what functions does each module provide? What type
of device does your app target (smartphone, tablet, or both)? If your app uses external services such as
a Web service, describe those services and how your app interacts with the services.
You also need to provide a detailed description of each module, as much detailed as you can (use figures,
charts, or diagrams). For example, what Android components (activity/service/content
provider/broadcast receiver) are used for each module? How are those components organized and
interacted with one another?
3. Application Implementation and Evaluation
Describe how the app was implemented. What classes have you defined and implemented in the app.
How did you test the app, including functionality, performance, and usability? Does the app always work
correctly? What errors or problems have you identified during the testing? Have you been able to solve
them?
4. References
If you have important references for this document or for your project, list them here.
5. Experiences and Thoughts
Share your experiences and thoughts during the project. For example, you may describe here the
functions that are nice to have for your app but you were not able to finish due to time limit. You may
also comment how the class can be further improved.
The project description document should be typeset nicely (Word document or PDF format). The
document should have at least 3 pages and at most 10 pages (US letter size). 